you'll consistently have opportunity to hone your skills throughout your
career. The Navy is is one big continuing education continuum. Um,
in the aviation community, you will have to fly all the time for at
least a lot, which requires you to maintain your skills in that respect.
But as far as leadership is concerned, you know leadership is
very nebulous concept. In some ways, uh, the best way to hone your
skills and continuing to hone your skills is to is to engage people
that have that have been there before that have done those things before.
You can do this by talking directly to them, and I'm speaking
mainly like your your superiors, perhaps, but you can also read, read,
read books by people who have been in those been those types of positions
before and gain their leadership experience. That's one thing
that is not explicit in the Navy and that you know, how do you develop
leadership skills? Well, oftentimes will say, Well, it's an art,
not a science, so that's that requires just basically exposure to
different types of way of doing things to make those skills better